we're in the scansnap exhibit here at
CES 2014 with Michaels today Hoss and
showing us some really cool product hey
Michael how are you doing great Dave
what have you got for us today we got
these in the scansnap sb-600 very new
just came out the later powder last year
it's our alternative flatbed it's an
overhead scanner that sweeps out to an
a3 size it's got an automatic detection
sensor on it or timed interval it'll
scan content so I just go ahead and scan
my bound material very easily once I
completed that I go ahead and complete
the transaction right from the scanner
and you see up here all the raw image is
being displayed guess there's some
curvature inside of here I can
immediately just flatten that out just
like that it's done if you want to see
what's going on behind the scenes it's
automatically resolving the center and
the curb area I can go ahead and then
turn this into what would be typically
very traditional tile scanning the
result is you wouldn't even know this
came through a flatbed alternative
scanner just like that that's awesome
especially the fact that it detects the
curvature and fixes it for you exactly
makes it very simple and that's really
the concept of scans have overall so one
of the other cool things we can do is do
like three-dimensional objects and
you'll notice that if when I scan these
objects here this head assembly moves so
that the reflection does not go back up
into the optics so I don't get any kind
of artifacting or anything like that I
can put up to 10 objects in here and
they're automatically cropped and ready
to go so very simple way to scan objects
and content that you typically put in a
flat bed without all of that cumbersome
effort it's a great way to save a whole
lot of stuff and not just documents as
you mentioned 3d objects even you want
these keepsakes or you want to send
somebody a copy of an award you just got
what a cool way to do it it's really
efficient it's awesome
today I have the scansnap ix500 so think
of this as a desktop paper efficiency
told very easy to use we're one big blue
button I have different sized documents
different shapes but it scans through a
25 pages a minute auto recognizing color
and black and white both sides at the
same time we also delete the blank page
automatically we crop everything we
straighten everything so essentially all
the manual interface you normally have
to do with a scanner we've pushed it
down to a simple one-button solution to
right at the desktop now after you
scanned all the documents you are
presented with a menu of options this is
called our Quick Menu the first one is
our scansnap organizer so think what is
just a simple organizational tool to
manage all your scanned documents we
have business card scanning software
called card minor so I can scan business
cards extract that data off the business
card and then push that into my CRM
let's say Microsoft Outlook act or mine
things like that we have scanned the
email scanned a printer we also have
various cloud solutions you can scan too
including Dropbox Evernote google docs
salesforce as well and then we can turn
the scanned image into a Word Excel or
PowerPoint document with the touch of a
button but one other thing we have of
the ix500 it has the ability to scan
directly to your iOS or Android device
over your Wi-Fi network so once I've put
a document there once I have done that I
can go to my ipad launch that you can
download the free scansnap app once i
launched the scansnap app i have taken
control of the scansnap itself so you
can see that this is now illuminated I
can push scan and the scansnap kicks off
and scans the document once we scan that
document all those features exist i can
still delete the blank page i can rotate
right side up based on text etc goes
right into my ipad so here's a view of
the image and you can see i can we have
that really good looking crisp PDF now
from here i can push that to any other
app they can accept a PDF or jpeg so
think of it also as a bridge to other
applications on your ipad scansnap
certainly using technology to its best
absolutely gotta love it Dave brave line
with you hear from into tomorrow in this
scansnap exhibit cool stuff
Wow